Update documentation on how to initialise PySpark using hooks (#1825)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tools_integration/pyspark.md

Optimal configuration for Spark depends on the setup of your Spark cluster.
```

> ## Initialise a `SparkSession` using hooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initialise a `SparkSession` using a hook
```

> Before any `PySpark` operations are performed, you should initialise your [`SparkSession`](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/sql-getting-started.html#starting-point-sparksession) using [hooks](../hooks/introduction) in your custom project with the `after_context_created` hook specification. This ensures that a `SparkSession` has been initialised before the Kedro pipeline is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before any `PySpark` operations are performed, you should initialise your [`SparkSession`](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/sql-getting-started.html#starting-point-sparksession) using an `after_context_created` [hook](../hooks/introduction). This ensures that a `SparkSession` has been initialised before the Kedro pipeline is run.
```

We don't recommend storing Spark session on the context object, as it cannot be serialised and therefore prevents the context from being initialised for some plugins.

> You will also need to register `Hooks` implementation by updating the HOOKS variable in `src/<package_name>/settings.py` as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to register `SparkHooks` by updating the `HOOKS` variable in `src/<package_name>/settings.py` as follows:
```
